[Music]
this is 100 million buys huh it wasn't
that hard to find you Toretto wasn't
hiding
last week it seemed a highly coordinated
drivers took been an entire military
convoy you know real was my last job I
know you didn't do it
but you're gonna help me take down the
team I did and why is that been chasing
this crew across 12 countries this was
taken a week ago
it's impossible I need your help Dom I
need your team
I don't smell baby oil you keep running
your piehole you're gonna smell an
ass-kicking you got the best crew in the
world standing right in funny
give them a reason this day our targets
Owen Shaw former SpecOps soldier for
years they've been running jobs in
Europe there's a most recent jobs that
graduated them to a whole new level the
loss of life is unthinkable I'm offering
you a chance to make your family whole
again you get as close to Letty and
we'll get you Shaw and you give us full
Parsons all the way around I can't
promise you that that's the deal
taking away
[Music]
the DAR we're not dealing with cops with
drug dealers I've never seen this before
yo its Co when you buy it makes you
predictable and our line of work
predictable means vulnerable I can reach
out and break you whenever I want you
believe in goes maybe the Letty we once
knew is gone you don't turn it back
deeper than I do
[Music]
gasps they got a take
we talk of vehicular warfare this is not
what we do